Design Overview
===============
This file attempts to give an overview of how the compiler works and how the
code is organized.

Flow of information
-------------------
1. The lexer (which is generated by Flex) takes the source code and generates a
   list of tokens.
2. The parser takes a list of tokens and returns a tree of strings, which
   represents the structure of the source code. Each string in the tree is either
   one of the tokens generated by the lexer, or a variable from the grammar for
   the language (which is defined in src/pl0-parser.c in this case).
3. The code generator takes the tree and generates a list of virtual machine
   instructions.

Code organization
-----------------
src/lib contains non-PL/0-specific code:
* src/lib/vector.h and vector.c contain a simple vector implementation. A
  vector in this case is just an array that automatically grows to hold as many
  elements as it needs to. The vectors use pointers so that they can hold any
  type of data, and there are several functions and macros for manipulating
  vectors. Most of the vector functions and macros have vector in their name
  somewhere, except for get(), set(), push(), and pushLiteral().
* src/lib/parser.h and parser.c implement a parser that takes a definition of a
  context free grammar and use it to parse a list of tokens. For an example of
  how the context free grammar can be defined, see src/pl0-parser.c, which
  includes a PL/0 grammar. The parser also has functions for checking if it
  returned an error and getting a list of error messages if so.
* src/lib/lexer.h just includes a definition of a struct that holds information
  about tokens.
* src/lib/util.h and util.c contain random utility functions mainly dealing
  with string manipulation.

The PL/0-specific code is in src/:
* src/pl0.h declares the "public api" of the compiler:
  * readPL0Tokens is defined in pl0-lexer.c and takes a string of source code
    and turns it into a vector of tokens.
  * parsePL0Tokens is defined in pl0-parser.c takes the tokens generated by
    readPL0Tokens and returns a parse tree representing the structure of the
    PL/0 code.
  * generatePL0 is defined in pl0-generator.c takes the parse tree and returns
    a vector of virtual machine instructions.
* src/compiler.c is the compiler driver, which uses the functions defined in
  pl0.h to compile the input file given to it.
* src/pl0.l is a Flex file that defines a simple lexer for PL/0.
* src/pl0-vector.l is similar to pl0.l, but instead of a printing a list of
  tokens, it defines a function which takes a string of PL/0 source code and
  returns a vector of tokens. This file is used to generate pl0-lexer.c.
* src/pl0-parser.c contains a context free grammar for the PL/0 language.
* src/pl0-generator.c contains code that generates virtual machine instructions
  from a PL/0 parse tree.

NOTE: If you actually look at any of the source code, you may notice that I did
not make much of an effort at all to free things after allocating them. This
was intentional, partly to save time, and partly just because I really don't
like having to remember to free things. So, it should be a big disclaimer that
this program has a bunch of memory leaks, but it's not too big of a deal since
it will probably never run for too long unless you give it a huge input file.
